Once we are done with rest of the sections.
Now we have only left a number.
So here you can see that this is how it's going to look on the big screen.
However once we're going to make it on the small screen we're going to create a button and on her knees
are going to be our looks.
So let's go ahead and let's start working on our number.
So going to go back here to my index.
I'm actually going to go all the way to the top because remember actually Howard Navarre was our first
child.
Now we have so far he's heading one with a halo which we actually don't need if we're going to scroll
up or here you can see there's nothing here.
However now we're going to start placing everything.
And the good news is that we do not need to do anything with a lay out regarding the actual banner because
we already set up everything.
We are in make sure that the banner is going to be pushing as much as it can.
So as much as that bar needs a room we're going to create.
So first things first.
Now I would want in your head for someone to say I have had her and then how are you going to have a
logo and a button.
So here we're going to say I have two underscores her on here.
And for the better what I would want inside.
Like I said would be first a logo.
So here I'm going to say this is going to be.
Now I have to underscore.
Well go on KNOW this and for the source we're going to have image and image is going to be logo here.
So once I say well you can see on here now I have my logo also right next to the logo.
I want my button.
So I'm going to go back over here and if I'm going to write sparen now I have 200 scores between or
here are going to write on.
And this is going to be a are and then we're going to have a hand point down so point and are going
to write down.
So once we press the tab here and see that I have my little icon.
So this would be with a nav bar header.
So if we have a nav bar header now I would want to create a links so here I'm going to say right now
I have links and all the links we're going to create a list with a class of nav links and all here we're
going to start placing a list items.
So here we're going to have a list item.
Now in the list Adam there is going to be a link and all this is going to have class Nav. single or
here link.
So this is going to be my class name.
And also here on this is going to have text.
So here Heroes are going to press it and we're going to write them this is going to be a mantra.
And now we can just copy and paste them and we know that we need six of them so we need to copy and
paste these five more times.
So one two three four five on here.
Now the only thing I would need to do is just write off here what kind of links this is.
So here I'm going to write and this is going to be home.
Then we're going to have an about that.
Also we're here we're just going to have a services services here and once we say what you can see that
our links are here.
Then after the services we're going to have an inverse.
Now after the numbers are actually going to have a project here.
So let me just it these are going to be projects projects.
And the last one out here is going to be contact.
So again look we can go here and this is going to be my contact.
So on the other side actually we would want a contact so can act or here.
So that's save.
And I can see that I am Hillings.
I have my Herro here and I have my button.
So now I would need to go to see this and actually Styler.